[Music]
happy birthday mr. adults man
Omaha slacker gross what was dad like as
beard was Scratchy
he had a goofy laugh I wish I'd bet him
I have something for you from your dad
it's a wizard step
I wrote this spell so I can see for
myself who my boys grew up to be
this spell brings him back back way back
to life you wanted to beat you more than
anything
pollito sadar I don't know what you
started
dad took apart dad you are in your house
[Music]
we've only got 24 hours to bring back
the rest of dad we're going on a quest
all quests start with the manticore the
fearless adventurer you mean Corey she's
over there were supposed to go out
minutes ago that's the manticore trouble
big time get in the vehicle an escort yo
I'm giving you to the count of three
okay wait what are you doing I don't
I'm looking for my sons oh they went on
a quest but don't worry I told him about
the map I told them about the gym I told
them about the curse huh I forgot to
tell them about the cards what your boys
are in grave danger
folder
[Applause]
howdy your boys doing a crisis Oh No
dead dead project not great
I can't do it we're not gonna see you
dad you can do this I believe in you
my gut knows where to go don't you boy
yes you do on my way boys just stay out
[Music]